Adds `get_contours` and supports "method" key word a keyword argument to select between `contourpy` and `scikit-image` (#7760)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/7760.feature.rst

> A new method :meth:`sunpy.map.GenericMap.get_contours`, has been added for getting contours.
> By default it now uses ContourPy for improved performance and consistency with :meth:`sunpy.map.GenericMap.draw_contours`. By using the "method" keyword, one can change to scikit-image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added :meth:`~sunpy.map.GenericMap.get_contours` for getting contours from a `~sunpy.map.Map`.
By default the method uses ContourPy for performance reasons and consistency with :meth:`sunpy.map.GenericMap.draw_contours`.
One can alternatively specify that the method use scikit-image.
```

> A new method, :meth:`sunpy.map.GenericMap.get_contours`, has been added for drawing contours.
> This method includes a "method" keyword, which defaults to ContourPy for improved performance and consistency with :meth:`sunpy.map.GenericMap.draw_contours`. The skimage option is also supported.
> 
> Note that ContourPy may produce different contour results and may not support all scikit-image keyword arguments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A new method :meth:`sunpy.map.GenericMap.get_contours`, has been added for getting contours.
By default it now uses ContourPy for improved performance and consistency with :meth:`sunpy.map.GenericMap.draw_contours`. By using the "method" keyword, one can change to scikit-image

Note that ContourPy may produce different contour results and may not support all scikit-image keyword arguments.
```
